
## cSIPersistentVolumeSource
Represents storage that is managed by an external CSI volume driver (Beta feature)

**Functions:**

[`fn .withDriver`](#fn-withdriver)  
[`fn .withFsType`](#fn-withfstype)  
[`fn .withReadOnly`](#fn-withreadonly)  
[`fn .withVolumeAttributes`](#fn-withvolumeattributes)  
[`fn .withVolumeHandle`](#fn-withvolumehandle)  
[`fn controllerExpandSecretRef.withName`](#fn-controllerexpandsecretrefwithname)  
[`fn controllerExpandSecretRef.withNamespace`](#fn-controllerexpandsecretrefwithnamespace)  
[`fn controllerPublishSecretRef.withName`](#fn-controllerpublishsecretrefwithname)  
[`fn controllerPublishSecretRef.withNamespace`](#fn-controllerpublishsecretrefwithnamespace)  
[`fn nodePublishSecretRef.withName`](#fn-nodepublishsecretrefwithname)  
[`fn nodePublishSecretRef.withNamespace`](#fn-nodepublishsecretrefwithnamespace)  
[`fn nodeStageSecretRef.withName`](#fn-nodestagesecretrefwithname)  
[`fn nodeStageSecretRef.withNamespace`](#fn-nodestagesecretrefwithnamespace)  

---


### `fn .withDriver`
Driver is the name of the driver to use for this volume. Required.
```jsonnet
{
  withDriver(driver):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withFsType`
Filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. "ext4", "xfs", "ntfs".
```jsonnet
{
  withFsType(fsType):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withReadOnly`
Optional: The value to pass to ControllerPublishVolumeRequest. Defaults to false (read/write).
```jsonnet
{
  withReadOnly(readOnly):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withVolumeAttributes`
Attributes of the volume to publish.
```jsonnet
{
  withVolumeAttributes(volumeAttributes):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withVolumeHandle`
VolumeHandle is the unique volume name returned by the CSI volume plugin’s CreateVolume to refer to the volume on all subsequent calls. Required.
```jsonnet
{
  withVolumeHandle(volumeHandle):: {}
}
```

### `fn controllerExpandSecretRef.withName`
Name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
```jsonnet
{
  withName(name):: {}
}
```

### `fn controllerExpandSecretRef.withNamespace`
Namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.
```jsonnet
{
  withNamespace(namespace):: {}
}
```

### `fn controllerPublishSecretRef.withName`
Name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
```jsonnet
{
  withName(name):: {}
}
```

### `fn controllerPublishSecretRef.withNamespace`
Namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.
```jsonnet
{
  withNamespace(namespace):: {}
}
```

### `fn nodePublishSecretRef.withName`
Name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
```jsonnet
{
  withName(name):: {}
}
```

### `fn nodePublishSecretRef.withNamespace`
Namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.
```jsonnet
{
  withNamespace(namespace):: {}
}
```

### `fn nodeStageSecretRef.withName`
Name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
```jsonnet
{
  withName(name):: {}
}
```

### `fn nodeStageSecretRef.withNamespace`
Namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.
```jsonnet
{
  withNamespace(namespace):: {}
}
```

