
## containerState
ContainerState holds a possible state of container. Only one of its members may be specified. If none of them is specified, the default one is ContainerStateWaiting.

**Functions:**

[`fn running.withStartedAt`](#fn-runningwithstartedat)  
[`fn terminated.withContainerID`](#fn-terminatedwithcontainerid)  
[`fn terminated.withExitCode`](#fn-terminatedwithexitcode)  
[`fn terminated.withFinishedAt`](#fn-terminatedwithfinishedat)  
[`fn terminated.withMessage`](#fn-terminatedwithmessage)  
[`fn terminated.withReason`](#fn-terminatedwithreason)  
[`fn terminated.withSignal`](#fn-terminatedwithsignal)  
[`fn terminated.withStartedAt`](#fn-terminatedwithstartedat)  
[`fn waiting.withMessage`](#fn-waitingwithmessage)  
[`fn waiting.withReason`](#fn-waitingwithreason)  

---


### `fn running.withStartedAt`
Time is a wrapper around time.Time which supports correct marshaling to YAML and JSON.  Wrappers are provided for many of the factory methods that the time package offers.
```jsonnet
{
  withStartedAt(startedAt):: {}
}
```

### `fn terminated.withContainerID`
Container's ID in the format 'docker://<container_id>'
```jsonnet
{
  withContainerID(containerID):: {}
}
```

### `fn terminated.withExitCode`
Exit status from the last termination of the container
```jsonnet
{
  withExitCode(exitCode):: {}
}
```

### `fn terminated.withFinishedAt`
Time is a wrapper around time.Time which supports correct marshaling to YAML and JSON.  Wrappers are provided for many of the factory methods that the time package offers.
```jsonnet
{
  withFinishedAt(finishedAt):: {}
}
```

### `fn terminated.withMessage`
Message regarding the last termination of the container
```jsonnet
{
  withMessage(message):: {}
}
```

### `fn terminated.withReason`
(brief) reason from the last termination of the container
```jsonnet
{
  withReason(reason):: {}
}
```

### `fn terminated.withSignal`
Signal from the last termination of the container
```jsonnet
{
  withSignal(signal):: {}
}
```

### `fn terminated.withStartedAt`
Time is a wrapper around time.Time which supports correct marshaling to YAML and JSON.  Wrappers are provided for many of the factory methods that the time package offers.
```jsonnet
{
  withStartedAt(startedAt):: {}
}
```

### `fn waiting.withMessage`
Message regarding why the container is not yet running.
```jsonnet
{
  withMessage(message):: {}
}
```

### `fn waiting.withReason`
(brief) reason the container is not yet running.
```jsonnet
{
  withReason(reason):: {}
}
```

