
## endpointAddress
EndpointAddress is a tuple that describes single IP address.

**Functions:**

[`fn .withHostname`](#fn-withhostname)  
[`fn .withIp`](#fn-withip)  
[`fn .withNodeName`](#fn-withnodename)  
[`fn targetRef.withFieldPath`](#fn-targetrefwithfieldpath)  
[`fn targetRef.withName`](#fn-targetrefwithname)  
[`fn targetRef.withNamespace`](#fn-targetrefwithnamespace)  
[`fn targetRef.withResourceVersion`](#fn-targetrefwithresourceversion)  
[`fn targetRef.withUid`](#fn-targetrefwithuid)  

---


### `fn .withHostname`
The Hostname of this endpoint
```jsonnet
{
  withHostname(hostname):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withIp`
The IP of this endpoint. May not be loopback (127.0.0.0/8), link-local (169.254.0.0/16), or link-local multicast ((224.0.0.0/24). IPv6 is also accepted but not fully supported on all platforms. Also, certain kubernetes components, like kube-proxy, are not IPv6 ready.
```jsonnet
{
  withIp(ip):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withNodeName`
Optional: Node hosting this endpoint. This can be used to determine endpoints local to a node.
```jsonnet
{
  withNodeName(nodeName):: {}
}
```

### `fn targetRef.withFieldPath`
If referring to a piece of an object instead of an entire object, this string should contain a valid JSON/Go field access statement, such as desiredState.manifest.containers[2]. For example, if the object reference is to a container within a pod, this would take on a value like: "spec.containers{name}" (where "name" refers to the name of the container that triggered the event) or if no container name is specified "spec.containers[2]" (container with index 2 in this pod). This syntax is chosen only to have some well-defined way of referencing a part of an object.
```jsonnet
{
  withFieldPath(fieldPath):: {}
}
```

### `fn targetRef.withName`
Name of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names
```jsonnet
{
  withName(name):: {}
}
```

### `fn targetRef.withNamespace`
Namespace of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
```jsonnet
{
  withNamespace(namespace):: {}
}
```

### `fn targetRef.withResourceVersion`
Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#concurrency-control-and-consistency
```jsonnet
{
  withResourceVersion(resourceVersion):: {}
}
```

### `fn targetRef.withUid`
UID of the referent. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids
```jsonnet
{
  withUid(uid):: {}
}
```

