
## iSCSIPersistentVolumeSource
ISCSIPersistentVolumeSource represents an ISCSI disk. ISCSI volumes can only be mounted as read/write once. ISCSI volumes support ownership management and SELinux relabeling.

**Functions:**

[`fn .withChapAuthDiscovery`](#fn-withchapauthdiscovery)  
[`fn .withChapAuthSession`](#fn-withchapauthsession)  
[`fn .withFsType`](#fn-withfstype)  
[`fn .withInitiatorName`](#fn-withinitiatorname)  
[`fn .withIqn`](#fn-withiqn)  
[`fn .withIscsiInterface`](#fn-withiscsiinterface)  
[`fn .withLun`](#fn-withlun)  
[`fn .withPortals`](#fn-withportals)  
[`fn .withReadOnly`](#fn-withreadonly)  
[`fn .withTargetPortal`](#fn-withtargetportal)  
[`fn secretRef.withName`](#fn-secretrefwithname)  
[`fn secretRef.withNamespace`](#fn-secretrefwithnamespace)  

---


### `fn .withChapAuthDiscovery`
whether support iSCSI Discovery CHAP authentication
```jsonnet
{
  withChapAuthDiscovery(chapAuthDiscovery):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withChapAuthSession`
whether support iSCSI Session CHAP authentication
```jsonnet
{
  withChapAuthSession(chapAuthSession):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withFsType`
Filesystem type of the volume that you want to mount. Tip: Ensure that the filesystem type is supported by the host operating system. Examples: "ext4", "xfs", "ntfs". Implicitly inferred to be "ext4" if unspecified. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#iscsi
```jsonnet
{
  withFsType(fsType):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withInitiatorName`
Custom iSCSI Initiator Name. If initiatorName is specified with iscsiInterface simultaneously, new iSCSI interface <target portal>:<volume name> will be created for the connection.
```jsonnet
{
  withInitiatorName(initiatorName):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withIqn`
Target iSCSI Qualified Name.
```jsonnet
{
  withIqn(iqn):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withIscsiInterface`
iSCSI Interface Name that uses an iSCSI transport. Defaults to 'default' (tcp).
```jsonnet
{
  withIscsiInterface(iscsiInterface):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withLun`
iSCSI Target Lun number.
```jsonnet
{
  withLun(lun):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withPortals`
iSCSI Target Portal List. The Portal is either an IP or ip_addr:port if the port is other than default (typically TCP ports 860 and 3260).
```jsonnet
{
  withPortals(portals):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withReadOnly`
ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts. Defaults to false.
```jsonnet
{
  withReadOnly(readOnly):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withTargetPortal`
iSCSI Target Portal. The Portal is either an IP or ip_addr:port if the port is other than default (typically TCP ports 860 and 3260).
```jsonnet
{
  withTargetPortal(targetPortal):: {}
}
```

### `fn secretRef.withName`
Name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
```jsonnet
{
  withName(name):: {}
}
```

### `fn secretRef.withNamespace`
Namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.
```jsonnet
{
  withNamespace(namespace):: {}
}
```

