
## lifecycle
Lifecycle describes actions that the management system should take in response to container lifecycle events. For the PostStart and PreStop lifecycle handlers, management of the container blocks until the action is complete, unless the container process fails, in which case the handler is aborted.

**Functions:**

[`fn postStart.exec.withCommand`](#fn-poststartexecwithcommand)  
[`fn postStart.httpGet.withHost`](#fn-poststarthttpgetwithhost)  
[`fn postStart.httpGet.withHttpHeaders`](#fn-poststarthttpgetwithhttpheaders)  
[`fn postStart.httpGet.withPath`](#fn-poststarthttpgetwithpath)  
[`fn postStart.httpGet.withPort`](#fn-poststarthttpgetwithport)  
[`fn postStart.httpGet.withScheme`](#fn-poststarthttpgetwithscheme)  
[`fn postStart.tcpSocket.withHost`](#fn-poststarttcpsocketwithhost)  
[`fn postStart.tcpSocket.withPort`](#fn-poststarttcpsocketwithport)  
[`fn preStop.exec.withCommand`](#fn-prestopexecwithcommand)  
[`fn preStop.httpGet.withHost`](#fn-prestophttpgetwithhost)  
[`fn preStop.httpGet.withHttpHeaders`](#fn-prestophttpgetwithhttpheaders)  
[`fn preStop.httpGet.withPath`](#fn-prestophttpgetwithpath)  
[`fn preStop.httpGet.withPort`](#fn-prestophttpgetwithport)  
[`fn preStop.httpGet.withScheme`](#fn-prestophttpgetwithscheme)  
[`fn preStop.tcpSocket.withHost`](#fn-prestoptcpsocketwithhost)  
[`fn preStop.tcpSocket.withPort`](#fn-prestoptcpsocketwithport)  

---


### `fn postStart.exec.withCommand`
Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.
```jsonnet
{
  withCommand(command):: {}
}
```

### `fn postStart.httpGet.withHost`
Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set "Host" in httpHeaders instead.
```jsonnet
{
  withHost(host):: {}
}
```

### `fn postStart.httpGet.withHttpHeaders`
Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers.
```jsonnet
{
  withHttpHeaders(httpHeaders):: {}
}
```

### `fn postStart.httpGet.withPath`
Path to access on the HTTP server.
```jsonnet
{
  withPath(path):: {}
}
```

### `fn postStart.httpGet.withPort`
IntOrString is a type that can hold an int32 or a string.  When used in JSON or YAML marshalling and unmarshalling, it produces or consumes the inner type.  This allows you to have, for example, a JSON field that can accept a name or number.
```jsonnet
{
  withPort(port):: {}
}
```

### `fn postStart.httpGet.withScheme`
Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.
```jsonnet
{
  withScheme(scheme):: {}
}
```

### `fn postStart.tcpSocket.withHost`
Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.
```jsonnet
{
  withHost(host):: {}
}
```

### `fn postStart.tcpSocket.withPort`
IntOrString is a type that can hold an int32 or a string.  When used in JSON or YAML marshalling and unmarshalling, it produces or consumes the inner type.  This allows you to have, for example, a JSON field that can accept a name or number.
```jsonnet
{
  withPort(port):: {}
}
```

### `fn preStop.exec.withCommand`
Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.
```jsonnet
{
  withCommand(command):: {}
}
```

### `fn preStop.httpGet.withHost`
Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set "Host" in httpHeaders instead.
```jsonnet
{
  withHost(host):: {}
}
```

### `fn preStop.httpGet.withHttpHeaders`
Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers.
```jsonnet
{
  withHttpHeaders(httpHeaders):: {}
}
```

### `fn preStop.httpGet.withPath`
Path to access on the HTTP server.
```jsonnet
{
  withPath(path):: {}
}
```

### `fn preStop.httpGet.withPort`
IntOrString is a type that can hold an int32 or a string.  When used in JSON or YAML marshalling and unmarshalling, it produces or consumes the inner type.  This allows you to have, for example, a JSON field that can accept a name or number.
```jsonnet
{
  withPort(port):: {}
}
```

### `fn preStop.httpGet.withScheme`
Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.
```jsonnet
{
  withScheme(scheme):: {}
}
```

### `fn preStop.tcpSocket.withHost`
Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.
```jsonnet
{
  withHost(host):: {}
}
```

### `fn preStop.tcpSocket.withPort`
IntOrString is a type that can hold an int32 or a string.  When used in JSON or YAML marshalling and unmarshalling, it produces or consumes the inner type.  This allows you to have, for example, a JSON field that can accept a name or number.
```jsonnet
{
  withPort(port):: {}
}
```

