
## nodeStatus
NodeStatus is information about the current status of a node.

**Functions:**

[`fn .withAddresses`](#fn-withaddresses)  
[`fn .withAllocatable`](#fn-withallocatable)  
[`fn .withCapacity`](#fn-withcapacity)  
[`fn .withConditions`](#fn-withconditions)  
[`fn .withImages`](#fn-withimages)  
[`fn .withPhase`](#fn-withphase)  
[`fn .withVolumesAttached`](#fn-withvolumesattached)  
[`fn .withVolumesInUse`](#fn-withvolumesinuse)  
[`fn config.active.configMap.withKubeletConfigKey`](#fn-configactiveconfigmapwithkubeletconfigkey)  
[`fn config.active.configMap.withName`](#fn-configactiveconfigmapwithname)  
[`fn config.active.configMap.withNamespace`](#fn-configactiveconfigmapwithnamespace)  
[`fn config.active.configMap.withResourceVersion`](#fn-configactiveconfigmapwithresourceversion)  
[`fn config.active.configMap.withUid`](#fn-configactiveconfigmapwithuid)  
[`fn config.assigned.configMap.withKubeletConfigKey`](#fn-configassignedconfigmapwithkubeletconfigkey)  
[`fn config.assigned.configMap.withName`](#fn-configassignedconfigmapwithname)  
[`fn config.assigned.configMap.withNamespace`](#fn-configassignedconfigmapwithnamespace)  
[`fn config.assigned.configMap.withResourceVersion`](#fn-configassignedconfigmapwithresourceversion)  
[`fn config.assigned.configMap.withUid`](#fn-configassignedconfigmapwithuid)  
[`fn config.lastKnownGood.configMap.withKubeletConfigKey`](#fn-configlastknowngoodconfigmapwithkubeletconfigkey)  
[`fn config.lastKnownGood.configMap.withName`](#fn-configlastknowngoodconfigmapwithname)  
[`fn config.lastKnownGood.configMap.withNamespace`](#fn-configlastknowngoodconfigmapwithnamespace)  
[`fn config.lastKnownGood.configMap.withResourceVersion`](#fn-configlastknowngoodconfigmapwithresourceversion)  
[`fn config.lastKnownGood.configMap.withUid`](#fn-configlastknowngoodconfigmapwithuid)  
[`fn config.withError`](#fn-configwitherror)  
[`fn daemonEndpoints.kubeletEndpoint.withPort`](#fn-daemonendpointskubeletendpointwithport)  
[`fn nodeInfo.withArchitecture`](#fn-nodeinfowitharchitecture)  
[`fn nodeInfo.withBootID`](#fn-nodeinfowithbootid)  
[`fn nodeInfo.withContainerRuntimeVersion`](#fn-nodeinfowithcontainerruntimeversion)  
[`fn nodeInfo.withKernelVersion`](#fn-nodeinfowithkernelversion)  
[`fn nodeInfo.withKubeProxyVersion`](#fn-nodeinfowithkubeproxyversion)  
[`fn nodeInfo.withKubeletVersion`](#fn-nodeinfowithkubeletversion)  
[`fn nodeInfo.withMachineID`](#fn-nodeinfowithmachineid)  
[`fn nodeInfo.withOperatingSystem`](#fn-nodeinfowithoperatingsystem)  
[`fn nodeInfo.withOsImage`](#fn-nodeinfowithosimage)  
[`fn nodeInfo.withSystemUUID`](#fn-nodeinfowithsystemuuid)  

---


### `fn .withAddresses`
List of addresses reachable to the node. Queried from cloud provider, if available. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/nodes/node/#addresses Note: This field is declared as mergeable, but the merge key is not sufficiently unique, which can cause data corruption when it is merged. Callers should instead use a full-replacement patch. See http://pr.k8s.io/79391 for an example.
```jsonnet
{
  withAddresses(addresses):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withAllocatable`
Allocatable represents the resources of a node that are available for scheduling. Defaults to Capacity.
```jsonnet
{
  withAllocatable(allocatable):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withCapacity`
Capacity represents the total resources of a node. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#capacity
```jsonnet
{
  withCapacity(capacity):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withConditions`
Conditions is an array of current observed node conditions. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/nodes/node/#condition
```jsonnet
{
  withConditions(conditions):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withImages`
List of container images on this node
```jsonnet
{
  withImages(images):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withPhase`
NodePhase is the recently observed lifecycle phase of the node. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/nodes/node/#phase The field is never populated, and now is deprecated.
```jsonnet
{
  withPhase(phase):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withVolumesAttached`
List of volumes that are attached to the node.
```jsonnet
{
  withVolumesAttached(volumesAttached):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withVolumesInUse`
List of attachable volumes in use (mounted) by the node.
```jsonnet
{
  withVolumesInUse(volumesInUse):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.active.configMap.withKubeletConfigKey`
KubeletConfigKey declares which key of the referenced ConfigMap corresponds to the KubeletConfiguration structure This field is required in all cases.
```jsonnet
{
  withKubeletConfigKey(kubeletConfigKey):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.active.configMap.withName`
Name is the metadata.name of the referenced ConfigMap. This field is required in all cases.
```jsonnet
{
  withName(name):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.active.configMap.withNamespace`
Namespace is the metadata.namespace of the referenced ConfigMap. This field is required in all cases.
```jsonnet
{
  withNamespace(namespace):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.active.configMap.withResourceVersion`
ResourceVersion is the metadata.ResourceVersion of the referenced ConfigMap. This field is forbidden in Node.Spec, and required in Node.Status.
```jsonnet
{
  withResourceVersion(resourceVersion):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.active.configMap.withUid`
UID is the metadata.UID of the referenced ConfigMap. This field is forbidden in Node.Spec, and required in Node.Status.
```jsonnet
{
  withUid(uid):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.assigned.configMap.withKubeletConfigKey`
KubeletConfigKey declares which key of the referenced ConfigMap corresponds to the KubeletConfiguration structure This field is required in all cases.
```jsonnet
{
  withKubeletConfigKey(kubeletConfigKey):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.assigned.configMap.withName`
Name is the metadata.name of the referenced ConfigMap. This field is required in all cases.
```jsonnet
{
  withName(name):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.assigned.configMap.withNamespace`
Namespace is the metadata.namespace of the referenced ConfigMap. This field is required in all cases.
```jsonnet
{
  withNamespace(namespace):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.assigned.configMap.withResourceVersion`
ResourceVersion is the metadata.ResourceVersion of the referenced ConfigMap. This field is forbidden in Node.Spec, and required in Node.Status.
```jsonnet
{
  withResourceVersion(resourceVersion):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.assigned.configMap.withUid`
UID is the metadata.UID of the referenced ConfigMap. This field is forbidden in Node.Spec, and required in Node.Status.
```jsonnet
{
  withUid(uid):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.lastKnownGood.configMap.withKubeletConfigKey`
KubeletConfigKey declares which key of the referenced ConfigMap corresponds to the KubeletConfiguration structure This field is required in all cases.
```jsonnet
{
  withKubeletConfigKey(kubeletConfigKey):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.lastKnownGood.configMap.withName`
Name is the metadata.name of the referenced ConfigMap. This field is required in all cases.
```jsonnet
{
  withName(name):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.lastKnownGood.configMap.withNamespace`
Namespace is the metadata.namespace of the referenced ConfigMap. This field is required in all cases.
```jsonnet
{
  withNamespace(namespace):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.lastKnownGood.configMap.withResourceVersion`
ResourceVersion is the metadata.ResourceVersion of the referenced ConfigMap. This field is forbidden in Node.Spec, and required in Node.Status.
```jsonnet
{
  withResourceVersion(resourceVersion):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.lastKnownGood.configMap.withUid`
UID is the metadata.UID of the referenced ConfigMap. This field is forbidden in Node.Spec, and required in Node.Status.
```jsonnet
{
  withUid(uid):: {}
}
```

### `fn config.withError`
Error describes any problems reconciling the Spec.ConfigSource to the Active config. Errors may occur, for example, attempting to checkpoint Spec.ConfigSource to the local Assigned record, attempting to checkpoint the payload associated with Spec.ConfigSource, attempting to load or validate the Assigned config, etc. Errors may occur at different points while syncing config. Earlier errors (e.g. download or checkpointing errors) will not result in a rollback to LastKnownGood, and may resolve across Kubelet retries. Later errors (e.g. loading or validating a checkpointed config) will result in a rollback to LastKnownGood. In the latter case, it is usually possible to resolve the error by fixing the config assigned in Spec.ConfigSource. You can find additional information for debugging by searching the error message in the Kubelet log. Error is a human-readable description of the error state; machines can check whether or not Error is empty, but should not rely on the stability of the Error text across Kubelet versions.
```jsonnet
{
  withError(err):: {}
}
```

### `fn daemonEndpoints.kubeletEndpoint.withPort`
Port number of the given endpoint.
```jsonnet
{
  withPort(port):: {}
}
```

### `fn nodeInfo.withArchitecture`
The Architecture reported by the node
```jsonnet
{
  withArchitecture(architecture):: {}
}
```

### `fn nodeInfo.withBootID`
Boot ID reported by the node.
```jsonnet
{
  withBootID(bootID):: {}
}
```

### `fn nodeInfo.withContainerRuntimeVersion`
ContainerRuntime Version reported by the node through runtime remote API (e.g. docker://1.5.0).
```jsonnet
{
  withContainerRuntimeVersion(containerRuntimeVersion):: {}
}
```

### `fn nodeInfo.withKernelVersion`
Kernel Version reported by the node from 'uname -r' (e.g. 3.16.0-0.bpo.4-amd64).
```jsonnet
{
  withKernelVersion(kernelVersion):: {}
}
```

### `fn nodeInfo.withKubeProxyVersion`
KubeProxy Version reported by the node.
```jsonnet
{
  withKubeProxyVersion(kubeProxyVersion):: {}
}
```

### `fn nodeInfo.withKubeletVersion`
Kubelet Version reported by the node.
```jsonnet
{
  withKubeletVersion(kubeletVersion):: {}
}
```

### `fn nodeInfo.withMachineID`
MachineID reported by the node. For unique machine identification in the cluster this field is preferred. Learn more from man(5) machine-id: http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/machine-id.5.html
```jsonnet
{
  withMachineID(machineID):: {}
}
```

### `fn nodeInfo.withOperatingSystem`
The Operating System reported by the node
```jsonnet
{
  withOperatingSystem(operatingSystem):: {}
}
```

### `fn nodeInfo.withOsImage`
OS Image reported by the node from /etc/os-release (e.g. Debian GNU/Linux 7 (wheezy)).
```jsonnet
{
  withOsImage(osImage):: {}
}
```

### `fn nodeInfo.withSystemUUID`
SystemUUID reported by the node. For unique machine identification MachineID is preferred. This field is specific to Red Hat hosts https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-US/Red_Hat_Subscription_Management/1/html/RHSM/getting-system-uuid.html
```jsonnet
{
  withSystemUUID(systemUUID):: {}
}
```

