
## persistentVolumeClaimSpec
PersistentVolumeClaimSpec describes the common attributes of storage devices and allows a Source for provider-specific attributes

**Functions:**

[`fn .withAccessModes`](#fn-withaccessmodes)  
[`fn .withStorageClassName`](#fn-withstorageclassname)  
[`fn .withVolumeMode`](#fn-withvolumemode)  
[`fn .withVolumeName`](#fn-withvolumename)  
[`fn dataSource.withApiGroup`](#fn-datasourcewithapigroup)  
[`fn dataSource.withName`](#fn-datasourcewithname)  
[`fn resources.withLimits`](#fn-resourceswithlimits)  
[`fn resources.withRequests`](#fn-resourceswithrequests)  
[`fn selector.withMatchExpressions`](#fn-selectorwithmatchexpressions)  
[`fn selector.withMatchLabels`](#fn-selectorwithmatchlabels)  

---


### `fn .withAccessModes`
AccessModes contains the desired access modes the volume should have. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#access-modes-1
```jsonnet
{
  withAccessModes(accessModes):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withStorageClassName`
Name of the StorageClass required by the claim. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes#class-1
```jsonnet
{
  withStorageClassName(storageClassName):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withVolumeMode`
volumeMode defines what type of volume is required by the claim. Value of Filesystem is implied when not included in claim spec. This is a beta feature.
```jsonnet
{
  withVolumeMode(volumeMode):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withVolumeName`
VolumeName is the binding reference to the PersistentVolume backing this claim.
```jsonnet
{
  withVolumeName(volumeName):: {}
}
```

### `fn dataSource.withApiGroup`
APIGroup is the group for the resource being referenced. If APIGroup is not specified, the specified Kind must be in the core API group. For any other third-party types, APIGroup is required.
```jsonnet
{
  withApiGroup(apiGroup):: {}
}
```

### `fn dataSource.withName`
Name is the name of resource being referenced
```jsonnet
{
  withName(name):: {}
}
```

### `fn resources.withLimits`
Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/
```jsonnet
{
  withLimits(limits):: {}
}
```

### `fn resources.withRequests`
Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/
```jsonnet
{
  withRequests(requests):: {}
}
```

### `fn selector.withMatchExpressions`
matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed.
```jsonnet
{
  withMatchExpressions(matchExpressions):: {}
}
```

### `fn selector.withMatchLabels`
matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.
```jsonnet
{
  withMatchLabels(matchLabels):: {}
}
```

