
## probe
Probe describes a health check to be performed against a container to determine whether it is alive or ready to receive traffic.

**Functions:**

[`fn .withFailureThreshold`](#fn-withfailurethreshold)  
[`fn .withInitialDelaySeconds`](#fn-withinitialdelayseconds)  
[`fn .withPeriodSeconds`](#fn-withperiodseconds)  
[`fn .withSuccessThreshold`](#fn-withsuccessthreshold)  
[`fn .withTimeoutSeconds`](#fn-withtimeoutseconds)  
[`fn exec.withCommand`](#fn-execwithcommand)  
[`fn httpGet.withHost`](#fn-httpgetwithhost)  
[`fn httpGet.withHttpHeaders`](#fn-httpgetwithhttpheaders)  
[`fn httpGet.withPath`](#fn-httpgetwithpath)  
[`fn httpGet.withPort`](#fn-httpgetwithport)  
[`fn httpGet.withScheme`](#fn-httpgetwithscheme)  
[`fn tcpSocket.withHost`](#fn-tcpsocketwithhost)  
[`fn tcpSocket.withPort`](#fn-tcpsocketwithport)  

---


### `fn .withFailureThreshold`
Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. Defaults to 3. Minimum value is 1.
```jsonnet
{
  withFailureThreshold(failureThreshold):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withInitialDelaySeconds`
Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes are initiated. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
```jsonnet
{
  withInitialDelaySeconds(initialDelaySeconds):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withPeriodSeconds`
How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1.
```jsonnet
{
  withPeriodSeconds(periodSeconds):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withSuccessThreshold`
Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. Defaults to 1. Must be 1 for liveness and startup. Minimum value is 1.
```jsonnet
{
  withSuccessThreshold(successThreshold):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withTimeoutSeconds`
Number of seconds after which the probe times out. Defaults to 1 second. Minimum value is 1. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle#container-probes
```jsonnet
{
  withTimeoutSeconds(timeoutSeconds):: {}
}
```

### `fn exec.withCommand`
Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.
```jsonnet
{
  withCommand(command):: {}
}
```

### `fn httpGet.withHost`
Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set "Host" in httpHeaders instead.
```jsonnet
{
  withHost(host):: {}
}
```

### `fn httpGet.withHttpHeaders`
Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers.
```jsonnet
{
  withHttpHeaders(httpHeaders):: {}
}
```

### `fn httpGet.withPath`
Path to access on the HTTP server.
```jsonnet
{
  withPath(path):: {}
}
```

### `fn httpGet.withPort`
IntOrString is a type that can hold an int32 or a string.  When used in JSON or YAML marshalling and unmarshalling, it produces or consumes the inner type.  This allows you to have, for example, a JSON field that can accept a name or number.
```jsonnet
{
  withPort(port):: {}
}
```

### `fn httpGet.withScheme`
Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP.
```jsonnet
{
  withScheme(scheme):: {}
}
```

### `fn tcpSocket.withHost`
Optional: Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP.
```jsonnet
{
  withHost(host):: {}
}
```

### `fn tcpSocket.withPort`
IntOrString is a type that can hold an int32 or a string.  When used in JSON or YAML marshalling and unmarshalling, it produces or consumes the inner type.  This allows you to have, for example, a JSON field that can accept a name or number.
```jsonnet
{
  withPort(port):: {}
}
```

