
## scaleIOPersistentVolumeSource
ScaleIOPersistentVolumeSource represents a persistent ScaleIO volume

**Functions:**

[`fn .withFsType`](#fn-withfstype)  
[`fn .withGateway`](#fn-withgateway)  
[`fn .withProtectionDomain`](#fn-withprotectiondomain)  
[`fn .withReadOnly`](#fn-withreadonly)  
[`fn .withSslEnabled`](#fn-withsslenabled)  
[`fn .withStorageMode`](#fn-withstoragemode)  
[`fn .withStoragePool`](#fn-withstoragepool)  
[`fn .withSystem`](#fn-withsystem)  
[`fn .withVolumeName`](#fn-withvolumename)  
[`fn secretRef.withName`](#fn-secretrefwithname)  
[`fn secretRef.withNamespace`](#fn-secretrefwithnamespace)  

---


### `fn .withFsType`
Filesystem type to mount. Must be a filesystem type supported by the host operating system. Ex. "ext4", "xfs", "ntfs". Default is "xfs"
```jsonnet
{
  withFsType(fsType):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withGateway`
The host address of the ScaleIO API Gateway.
```jsonnet
{
  withGateway(gateway):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withProtectionDomain`
The name of the ScaleIO Protection Domain for the configured storage.
```jsonnet
{
  withProtectionDomain(protectionDomain):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withReadOnly`
Defaults to false (read/write). ReadOnly here will force the ReadOnly setting in VolumeMounts.
```jsonnet
{
  withReadOnly(readOnly):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withSslEnabled`
Flag to enable/disable SSL communication with Gateway, default false
```jsonnet
{
  withSslEnabled(sslEnabled):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withStorageMode`
Indicates whether the storage for a volume should be ThickProvisioned or ThinProvisioned. Default is ThinProvisioned.
```jsonnet
{
  withStorageMode(storageMode):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withStoragePool`
The ScaleIO Storage Pool associated with the protection domain.
```jsonnet
{
  withStoragePool(storagePool):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withSystem`
The name of the storage system as configured in ScaleIO.
```jsonnet
{
  withSystem(system):: {}
}
```

### `fn .withVolumeName`
The name of a volume already created in the ScaleIO system that is associated with this volume source.
```jsonnet
{
  withVolumeName(volumeName):: {}
}
```

### `fn secretRef.withName`
Name is unique within a namespace to reference a secret resource.
```jsonnet
{
  withName(name):: {}
}
```

### `fn secretRef.withNamespace`
Namespace defines the space within which the secret name must be unique.
```jsonnet
{
  withNamespace(namespace):: {}
}
```

