
## weightedPodAffinityTerm
The weights of all of the matched WeightedPodAffinityTerm fields are added per-node to find the most preferred node(s)

**Functions:**

[`fn .withWeight`](#fn-withweight)  
[`fn podAffinityTerm.labelSelector.withMatchExpressions`](#fn-podaffinitytermlabelselectorwithmatchexpressions)  
[`fn podAffinityTerm.labelSelector.withMatchLabels`](#fn-podaffinitytermlabelselectorwithmatchlabels)  
[`fn podAffinityTerm.withNamespaces`](#fn-podaffinitytermwithnamespaces)  
[`fn podAffinityTerm.withTopologyKey`](#fn-podaffinitytermwithtopologykey)  

---


### `fn .withWeight`
weight associated with matching the corresponding podAffinityTerm, in the range 1-100.
```jsonnet
{
  withWeight(weight):: {}
}
```

### `fn podAffinityTerm.labelSelector.withMatchExpressions`
matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed.
```jsonnet
{
  withMatchExpressions(matchExpressions):: {}
}
```

### `fn podAffinityTerm.labelSelector.withMatchLabels`
matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.
```jsonnet
{
  withMatchLabels(matchLabels):: {}
}
```

### `fn podAffinityTerm.withNamespaces`
namespaces specifies which namespaces the labelSelector applies to (matches against); null or empty list means "this pod's namespace"
```jsonnet
{
  withNamespaces(namespaces):: {}
}
```

### `fn podAffinityTerm.withTopologyKey`
This pod should be co-located (affinity) or not co-located (anti-affinity) with the pods matching the labelSelector in the specified namespaces, where co-located is defined as running on a node whose value of the label with key topologyKey matches that of any node on which any of the selected pods is running. Empty topologyKey is not allowed.
```jsonnet
{
  withTopologyKey(topologyKey):: {}
}
```

