
## networkPolicyPeer
NetworkPolicyPeer describes a peer to allow traffic from. Only certain combinations of fields are allowed

**Functions:**

[`fn ipBlock.withCidr`](#fn-ipblockwithcidr)  
[`fn ipBlock.withExcept`](#fn-ipblockwithexcept)  
[`fn namespaceSelector.withMatchExpressions`](#fn-namespaceselectorwithmatchexpressions)  
[`fn namespaceSelector.withMatchLabels`](#fn-namespaceselectorwithmatchlabels)  
[`fn podSelector.withMatchExpressions`](#fn-podselectorwithmatchexpressions)  
[`fn podSelector.withMatchLabels`](#fn-podselectorwithmatchlabels)  

---


### `fn ipBlock.withCidr`
CIDR is a string representing the IP Block Valid examples are "192.168.1.1/24"
```jsonnet
{
  withCidr(cidr):: {}
}
```

### `fn ipBlock.withExcept`
Except is a slice of CIDRs that should not be included within an IP Block Valid examples are "192.168.1.1/24" Except values will be rejected if they are outside the CIDR range
```jsonnet
{
  withExcept(except):: {}
}
```

### `fn namespaceSelector.withMatchExpressions`
matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed.
```jsonnet
{
  withMatchExpressions(matchExpressions):: {}
}
```

### `fn namespaceSelector.withMatchLabels`
matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.
```jsonnet
{
  withMatchLabels(matchLabels):: {}
}
```

### `fn podSelector.withMatchExpressions`
matchExpressions is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed.
```jsonnet
{
  withMatchExpressions(matchExpressions):: {}
}
```

### `fn podSelector.withMatchLabels`
matchLabels is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value". The requirements are ANDed.
```jsonnet
{
  withMatchLabels(matchLabels):: {}
}
```

